# CS-330

I approach designing software with caution and thoroughness in mind. I've learned patience and understanding from my project. My design process was to build the base up before I would make any secondary parts. In the future, I could take this philosophy and work on the biggest and hardest parts of my work first before focusing on the smaller parts.
I approach developing programs in much the same way as I approach designing software, with as much caution and exacting to detail as I can. Over the course of the class, I was slowly building up my skills and learning new things so that when I create my project I would have be making effectively my final iteration. Each of the submissions of complex shapes with various changes like texture and lighting produce helpful iterations that demonstrated my knowledge of the subject at hand. Contrary to the question, my approach to developing code was more and more certain was correct with each milestone. I was always cautious, making small changes at a time. This never changed throughout the course. Perhaps though I should have been more quick to the uptake if the late project submission is anything to say.
Computer Science can help me in reaching my goals by being the degree I want for my career. This class has demonstrated my need to respect experienced programmers working with outdated tools for a professional setting. For an educational setting, I've learned that the best thing from this class is the experience of using OpenGL for basic complex-shape creation. 
